people sometimes ask me about my musical abilities I have to tell them
their modest their modest I I do have a good year and I can hear tones
I had a professional musician tell me once that he heard the whistling
and he was amazed that I was right on key which he said very
few people are when they Whistler saying I would have to say the one
person of the quality my voice is not very good I had three daughters
and when they were very very very ya'll they would ask me Daddy sing
me a song so I can go to sleep and the song I usually saying was
the navy hill he turned all of the US strong to say and after awhile
they would go to sleep but when they turned about three or four and
I put him to bed they would say dad don't sing and you can hear from
that last cut why they said that dad don't see I'm sorry about that
but that's just the way it is incidentally I was at a church meeting
one night and everybody in the room were upper middle class highly
educated very successful people or maybe five or six of us at this
dinner and somebody told a story about how he picked new employees
and he said he had a little magic violently have softened its if you
had the salt what capability we give you don't have now and we all
thought that was going to pick employees so I can remember so many
ask the group assembled what what would if your little vial magic so
what would you do and everybody saw it for awhile and then wrote down
what they met and every single person there said I wish I had a good
singing and it doesn't matter how hard you study or how hard you
work you user Luciano Pavarotti or your Dan dates and I'm day and aids
sorry